local schoolgirl walking from a head
injury thinking she is a chicken
today we're at neurosis gillnetting
future so will you be nothing like
so how do you feel about being a chicken
okay we've been here to chipping your
today now coming up to the trans man we
have triple e one in and Big Brother
so chicken lady's dead how are you today
just really want to talk today but I'm
last mom just one year no okay I'm sorry
but um we're gonna have to ask you some
Christmas bells chicken do how did you
write it was she a good baby
okay yeah your turn okay so we've been
here with the chicken gun dad mom and
big brother thank you for your time you
hear the price of the chicken guilt and
to view your teacher
so let's judge how can we make any
change to a class color to just love
we here with the chicken gills classman
chicken gills classmate how do you feel
about the outcome of the chicken girl
good
and then why good because now I can take
him and coffin
chicken and the bed was along with his
friend bed oh that's a bummer we've been
here with the chickens classmen thank
you for your time ah concluding the
chicken girl's story a schoolgirl of
copper I've suffered a blow to the head
and woke Thank You himself the chicken
next up we'll be watching my own
business chassis